DROOLS-7102 Add Introduction section to the Drools docs. (#4644)
kiegroup/drools: drools-docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/introduction/index.adoc

:DROOLS:
include::../_artifacts/document-attributes.adoc[]

[[introduction]]

:context: introduction

[id='{context}']
= Introduction

> link:https://www.drools.org/[{PRODUCT}] is a set of projects grouped around decision management, containing a forward-chaining and backward-chaining inference-based rules engine, DMN decisions engine and other projects. A rules engine is a fundamental building block to create an expert system which, in artificial intelligence, is a computer system that emulates the decision-making ability of a human expert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
link:https://www.drools.org/[{PRODUCT}] is a set of projects focusing on intelligent automation and decision management, most notably providing a forward-chaining and backward-chaining inference-based **rule engine**, DMN decisions engine and other projects. A rule engine is a fundamental building block to create an expert system which, in artificial intelligence, is a computer system that emulates the decision-making ability of a human expert.
```

wdyt ?
